I already knew it
It's just that we haven't determined who the city lord is yet.
He told me before
Jingping City
There are always people making tobacco in the dark
There's a lot of them.
So I suspect that love words are not related to those smoke
The merchant is produced there.
So you tested Qin Huomei
Nice
If you want to pry open Qin Huomei's mouth
Then it must be possible
Let that person be exposed
Then he must also take action
So let's now
At least confirm something
Hey what are you doing
It can be confirmed now.
The nightclub is late at night now
Madam, we should rest
Flying fish, are you crazy?
Jingyun, I'm afraid you've forgotten, right?
What!
If we get rid of Gu Beichen
You must promise to be my wife
When did I say
And even if I had said
Gu Beichen is not dead yet
How can I get rid of you?
Oh.
Then wait until the Gu family is completely gone
As long as we get rid of the Gu family
You are the lady
Let's make a new appointment
Avoid you cheating in the future
Who cheated
Promise is promise
Why are you looking at me like that?
Can't I see my future wife?
Well, no.